this wild anaconda was rescued from
being squished on the main road and now
it's time to release it okay so this
isn't a tame snake which is why I'm not
just handling it with my bare hands let
me just get it out okay
so this beautiful snake is a yellow
anaconda and it's actually really quite
a small one this sneaking up to four
meters in length the big females anyway
as its opening its mouth revealing the
rows of razor-sharp teeth
they're like little needles and they all
point backwards towards the throat it
means that once it's got a hold of prey
it's almost impossible for them to
escape just locked in look how those
teeth point backwards into the mouth
even though this is a non venomous snake
a bite would be very very painful but
obviously yellow anacondas don't eat
people what they do eat is the water
birds and the small mammals that live
around the swamp where they live this
yellow anaconda may not see me as prey
but he's giving me a very good example
of how anacondas overpower their victims
this little male is transmitting an
enormous amount of power into my hand
and look how it's doing it it's wrapped
several cores around and then it has
this extra coil going lengthways across
it but it's using to anchor itself and
just increasing its grip and it's
squeezed
that is like the firmest handshake I've
ever had in fact if I was a look to
allow that to continue it would probably
start breaking my hand bones how I
wasn't joking this will actually start
to break my hand pretty soon if I don't
unwrap this so I need to get him off as
quickly and carefully as I can
oh wow
well that is a perfect example of how
strong the yellow anaconda can be almost
brought me to my knees that strength is
backed up by acute senses that tongue
just flicking out this is the prime F of
sense for snakes and drawing in
molecules of taste and smell from the
air and processing them in their mouth
okay back to the swamps where he belongs
it's gay in just a hundred meters away
we find the perfect spot time to do our
bit for snake conservation this is about
as perfect habitat as you'll ever see so
back to the swamp for our beautiful
yellow anaconda look how quickly he
disappears that's why yellow anacondas
have to go on the deadly 60 I mean you
would never know he was there